ref: `remote modify` `gdrive_acknowledge_abuse` and `profile` (#3795)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/remote/modify.md

- `profile` - credentials profile name to access S3:

  ```cli

>   $ dvc remote modify --local myremote profile myuser

Reviewer: let's keep it myprofile, it's not user (otherwise we would call it user)

Reviewer: also, can we please avoid touching files that are not related 🙏 :)

Reviewer 2: I would argue that it's related (for consistency) since it's in the same page. Changed to `myprofile` throughout this page and in the GDrive guide now.

> These small things I'll never get be able to get to again -- it's now or never... We keep having this misunderstanding 😢

  $ dvc remote modify myremote gdrive_client_secret 'client-secret'
  ```

- `profile` - name used to cache OAuth credentials. Useful to avoid passing the

>   wrong credentials, for example when using multiple GDrive remotes. The default

Reviewer: hmm, I think the previous version was a bit better, more explicit ... how was it phrased? it not about passing wrong credentials only, it's about also rewriting wrong credentials

we are overcomplicating this, Jorge ...

Reviewer 2: > how was it phrased?

"if you are using multiple users you might want to
  use ‘profile’ to avoid accidentally using someone else’s cached credentials"

- [original commit](https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/3795/commits/57dc421526c6fd650aacac5d3372e0b3dd523ae1#diff-a99e08a2de18082aa1adc45807e98187fe62f245a715f12cd08ec703823c9273R606-R608)

> it's about also rewriting...

Right, also only [if it's the same client](https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/3795#pullrequestreview-1055034448) I guess. Fixed.

  value is `default`.

  ```cli

>   $ dvc remote modify --local myremote profile myuser

Reviewer: same, should be `myprofile`

  ```

- `gdrive_user_credentials_file` - specific file path to cache OAuth
  credentials. The default is

>   `$CACHE_HOME/pydrive2fs/{gdrive_client_id}/{profile}.json`, where

Reviewer: default is `default.json`, unless profile is specified

Reviewer 2: Then we have to elaborate on what part of the path `profile` changes:

```suggestion
  `$CACHE_HOME/pydrive2fs/{gdrive_client_id}/default.json` unless
  `profile` is specified (which changes the file name), where
```

Feel free to commit this, but I think the current explanation is simpler.

Reviewer: let's do this and just add (see also `profile` ..) - that should be enough.

Reviewer 2: Done.

  $ dvc remote modify myremote gdrive_client_secret 'client-secret'
  ```

> - `gdrive_user_credentials_file` - global path where DVC stores OAuth credentials to
>   access Google Drive, by default

Reviewer 2: Format
```suggestion
- `gdrive_user_credentials_file` - global path where DVC stores OAuth
  credentials to access Google Drive, by default
```

>   `$CACHE_HOME/pydrive2fs/{gdrive_client_id}/default.json` (see also
>   `profile` below), where the`CACHE_HOME` location per platform is:

Reviewer 2: Format
```suggestion
  `$CACHE_HOME/pydrive2fs/{gdrive_client_id}/default.json` (see also `profile`
  below), where the`CACHE_HOME` location per platform is:
```

  | macOS              | Linux  (\*typical) | Windows                 |
  | ------------------ | ------------------ | ----------------------- |
  | `~/Library/Caches` | `~/.cache`         | `%CSIDL_LOCAL_APPDATA%` |

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote \
        gdrive_user_credentials_file path/to/mycredentials.json
  ```

See [Authorization](/doc/user-guide/setup-google-drive-remote#authorization) for
more details.

- `profile` - name for the GDrive credentials cache directory (part of the

>   global `gdrive_user_credentials_file` path). By default, credentials are cached

Reviewer 2: > "part of the default gdrive_user_credentials_file path" - where does it come from? why do you think it's part of that path?

@shcheklein so that's not the case? What I understood from this change is that it's `$CACHE_HOME/pydrive2fs/{gdrive_client_id}/default.json` by default, but if you set a `profile` then it becomes `$CACHE_HOME/pydrive2fs/{profile}/default.json`? Cc @efiop

Reviewer: Yes, except small correction - `$CACHE_HOME/pydrive2fs/{profile}/default.json` should be `$CACHE_HOME/pydrive2fs/{client_id}/profile.json`

Anyways, the question is why specifically mentioning this parameter - `gdrive_user_credentials_file` ? `gdrive_user_credentials_file` redefined it completely as far as I understand (`profile` then is not taken into account). cc @efiop could you confirm?

Author: I confirm 🙂

Reviewer 2: > why specifically mentioning this parameter - gdrive_user_credentials_file

Maybe I'm still confused. `profile` changes the default `gdrive_user_credentials_file`, right? Specifically the last part (file name). If so, there's a direct relationship.

Reviewer 2: > why specifically mentioning this parameter - gdrive_user_credentials_file

Maybe I'm still confused. `profile` changes the default `gdrive_user_credentials_file`, right? Specifically the last part (file name). If so, there's a direct relationship.

Reviewer 2: > gdrive_user_credentials_file redefined it completely

What happens if you set both `profile` and `gdrive_user_credentials_file`? Which one wins?

Reviewer: `profile` is ignored in this case (if it's not it's a bug). See the comment here https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/3795#discussion_r932667184

  client ID but you can set a custom profile name instead, for example to avoid

>   using the wrong user's credentials accidentally.

Reviewer 2: > small correction - should be `$CACHE_HOME/pydrive2fs/{client_id}/profile.json`

I'm still confused here. Why are we saying this value changes the caching by client ID if the the `{client_id}` part of the default `gdrive_user_credentials_file` is not changed by this?

Reviewer: okay, `gdrive_user_credentials_file` defines actually full path

`profile` defines literally file name. I would move `see also
  `gdrive_user_credentials_file` above` to the end of the paragraph. Would give an example `$CACHE_HOME/pydrive2fs/{client_id}/{pfofile}.json` and be more explicit that if you want to completely change its location use that variable.

Does it answer your questions, @jorgeorpinel ?

Reviewer 2: More or less. I think I got it now (updated both guide and ref), PTAL...

>   per `gdrive_client_id `, but you can set a custom ‘profile’ instead, for example
>   to avoid using the wrong user's credentials accidentally.

Reviewer 2: Typo
```suggestion
  per `gdrive_client_id `, but you can set a custom profile name instead, for
  example to avoid using the wrong user's credentials accidentally.
```

> - `profile` - name for the GDrive credentials cache directory (part of the
>   global `gdrive_user_credentials_file` path). By default, credentials are cached
>   per `gdrive_client_id `, but you can set a custom profile name instead, for
>   example to avoid using the wrong user's credentials accidentally.

Reviewer 2: `profile` update per https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/3795#discussion_r932519820
```suggestion
- `profile` - name for the GDrive credentials file (see also
  `gdrive_user_credentials_file` above). By default, credentials are cached per
  client ID but you can set a custom profile name instead, for example to avoid
  using the wrong user's credentials accidentally.
```

  ```

> - `gdrive_user_credentials_file` - path where DVC stores OAuth credentials to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `gdrive_user_credentials_file` - global path where DVC stores OAuth credentials to
```

  access Google Drive data. `$CACHE_HOME/pydrive2fs/$client_id/default.json` by
  default, where `CACHE_HOME` is:

  | macOS location     | Linux location (typical\*) | Windows location        |
  | ------------------ | -------------------------- | ----------------------- |
  | `~/Library/Caches` | `~/.cache/`                | `%CSIDL_LOCAL_APPDATA%` |

  Also, see `profile` config option below.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote \
        gdrive_user_credentials_file /path/to/mycredentials.json
  ```

See [Authorization](/doc/user-guide/setup-google-drive-remote#authorization) for
more details.

> - `profile` - credentials cache profile name. By default, credentials will be
>   cached per `client_id`, but if you are using multiple users you might want to
>   use ‘profile’ to avoid accidentally using someone else’s cached credentials.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `profile` - name for the credentials cache (part of the default
  `gdrive_user_credentials_file` path). By default, credentials will be cached
  per `gdrive_client_id `, but if you have multiple system users, you can set a
  custom ‘profile’ name to avoid using someone else’s credentials accidentally.
```

> - `profile` - name for the credentials cache (part of the default
>   `gdrive_user_credentials_file` path). By default, credentials will be cached
>   per `gdrive_client_id `, but if you have multiple system users, you can set a
>   custom ‘profile’ name to avoid using someone else's credentials accidentally.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `profile` - name for the GDrive credentials cache directory (part of the
  global `gdrive_user_credentials_file` path). By default, credentials are cached
  per `gdrive_client_id `, but you can set a custom ‘profile’ instead, for example
  to avoid using the wrong user's credentials accidentally.
```

> Please note our [Privacy Policy (Google APIs)](/doc/user-guide/privacy).

- `gdrive_acknowledge_abuse` - acknowledge the risk of downloading potentially

>   [abusive](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/148505) data. Files

Reviewer 2: > potentially abusive ... ? (files, content, something is needed here)

@shcheklein It's "data" here. Not sure why #3810 doesn't have that word... ⏳

Reviewer: why not files?

Reviewer 2: > why not files?

Because the next sentence starts with "Files".

Reviewer 2: But OK, we can do this:
```suggestion
- `gdrive_acknowledge_abuse` - acknowledge the risk of downloading potentially
  [abusive](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/148505) files. Anything
```

>   [abusive](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/148505). Files identified
>   as such (malware, personal info., etc.) can only be downloaded by their
>   owner.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  [abusive](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/148505) data. Files
  identified as such (malware, personal info., etc.) can only be downloaded
  by their owner (with this param enabled).
```

>   identified as such (malware, personal info., etc.) can only be downloaded
>   by their owner (with this param enabled).

Reviewer 2: Format
```suggestion
  identified as such (malware, personal info., etc.) can only be downloaded by
  their owner (with this param enabled).
```

> Please note our [Privacy Policy (Google APIs)](/doc/user-guide/privacy).

> - `gdrive_acknowledge_abuse` - acknowledge the risk of downloading potential
>   malware. Files identified as
>   [abusive](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/148505) (malware, etc.) are
>   only downloadable by the owner. Consider using this option if you see a
>   `This file has been identified as malware or spam and cannot be downloaded`
>   error.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `gdrive_acknowledge_abuse` - acknowledge the risk of downloading potentially
  [abusive](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/148505). Files identified
  as such (malware, personal info., etc.) can only be downloaded by their
  owner.
```

Reviewer 2: > Consider using this option if you see a
  `This file has been identified as malware or spam and cannot be downloaded`
  error.

We should add a [troubleshooting](https://dvc.org/doc/user-guide/troubleshooting) entry instead, I think.

Reviewer 2: > let's keep this part: "Consider using this option if you see ..." it's important for search, etc

@shcheklein my suggestion was to make a troubleshooting entry instead ☝🏼

WDYT @efiop ? I could also keep it for now and make an issue to move it to Troubleshooting later, lmk.

Reviewer: I think it's fine to keep the message here for now. It'll be searchable that's the most important thing.
